Revise LMS docs (#2171)
education/classroom: docs/connect-to-lms.md

## Integrating with a learning management system

GitHub Classroom integrates with your institution's learning management system (LMS), such as Brightspace, Canvas, Moodle, and others. Classroom supports:

- Roster provisioning
- Assignment creation (Planned)
- Submission syncing (Planned)

> Classroom works with any LMS that uses the Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) standard. LTI is an industry-standard protocol certified by the Instructional Management System Global Learning Consortium. Using LTI keeps your information safe and secure.

Reviewer: LTI is the standard put out and stewarded by IMS Global, but it is platforms themselves which are LTI Certified _by_ IMS Global. It's confusing (and so many syllables), but here's a quick rundown:

https://www.imsglobal.org/learning-tools-interoperability-certification-how-and-why

Happy to take any questions!

> Classroom works with any LMS that uses the Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) standard. LTI is an industry-standard protocol certified by the Instructional Management System Global Learning Consortium. Using LTI keeps your information safe and secure.

Author: Ah, OK. Maybe this text is better then? My thinking here is: emphasize compatibility, then security, then back up these claims with an appeal to authority.

```suggestion
Classroom works with any LMS that uses the Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) standard. Using LTI keeps your information safe and secure. LTI is an industry-standard protocol and Classroom's use of LTI is certified by the Instructional Management System Global Learning Consortium.
```

> Classroom works with any LMS that uses the Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) standard. LTI is an industry-standard protocol certified by the Instructional Management System Global Learning Consortium. Using LTI keeps your information safe and secure.

Reviewer: That looks great!

> **Note**: Blackboard does not currently support automatically importing a course roster. We are working to support Blackboard in the near future!

Reviewer: The lack of support currently lies with Classroom not supporting Blackboard, though the question we're trying to solve in the meantime is: are we not supporting Blackboard right now because Blackboard doesn't adhere to LTI standard in the way we expect and need to workaround it on our end, or because Blackboard simply does not support the LTI standard in a way that an instructor can feasibly integrate with GitHub Classroom without wasting the greater part of day attempting to get an IT administrator to install it for them.

For now, it's the latter.

> **Note**: Blackboard does not currently support automatically importing a course roster. We are working to support Blackboard in the near future!

Author: That's very helpful! It sounds like there's some use in retaining the ambiguity. What do you think of this revision?

```suggestion
**Note**: Blackboard and GitHub Classroom course rosters don't work together yet. We are working to support Blackboard in the near future!
```

> **Note**: Blackboard does not currently support automatically importing a course roster. We are working to support Blackboard in the near future!

Reviewer 2: :+1:
